gh-122088: Copy the coroutine status of the underlying callable in `@warnings.deprecated` (#122086)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2024-07-21-18-03-30.gh-issue-122088.vi2bP-.rst

> ``@warnings.deprecated`` now copies to coroutine flag of functions and
> methods so that ``inspect.iscoroutinefunction()`` returns the correct
> result.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:func:`@warnings.deprecated <warnings.deprecated>` now copies the
:data:`coroutine flag <inspect.CO_COROUTINE>` of functions and methods
so that :func:`inspect.iscoroutinefunction` returns the correct result.
```

I don't where the 80-char limit is :D By the way, I think we need a "deco" role for adding the '@' automatically.

Reviewer: cc @AA-Turner for the 'deco' role (I'm going offline now)

:func:`@warnings.deprecated <warnings.deprecated>` now copies the

> :data:`coroutine flag <inspect.CO_COROUTINE>` flag of functions and

Reviewer 2: This is inaccurate, you should just write that it marks the wrapper as coroutine too. This actual implmentation doesn't alters code flags in `inspect.markcoroutinefunction`.
